ASP.NET troubleshooting for global tags. (#4420)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnet/troubleshooting.mdx

ServicePointManager.SecurityProtocol = SecurityProtocolType.Tls12
```

> ### Tags not showing if set on Application_Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tags Not Showing if Set on Application_Start
```

> That happens because the `scope` from `requests` will be different from the one executed during the execution of Application_Start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because the `scope` from `requests` will be different from the one executed during the execution of Application_Start.
```

> To apply `Tags` globally. It's recommended to set them into SentryOptions as shown in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply `Tags` globally, it's recommended that you set them in `SentryOptions`, as shown in the example below:
```
